---
layout: post
permalink: /?p=2693
title: Create an agile board with Azure DevOps and GitHub for a hobby project
description: None
date: 2021-01-19 20:15:58 -0000
last_modified_at: 2021-01-19 20:15:58 -0000
publish: false
pin: false
categories:
- Uncategorized
tags: []
---
As is situation:

I’m developing an old school role playing game for the Apple Appstore. It has two major parts. The game itself (a preview is already published to the Apple AppStore) and a Level Editor (will be published later). As of now I have setup a git repository in Xcode and a private Guthub repository for backup. Development is done locally on my 2016 MacBook Pro with Xcode and I use Fastlane for building, testing and publishing to AppStore.

Task management is done with the Notes App on my Mac.

Lines Of Code

Disadvantages of this solution

The notes can not store information like changesets or dates when something is completed. The order depends only on what has been changed last. Also documentation cannot done in a convinient way. Release Planning is also cumbersome

**Goal**

Cloud based Backlogmanagement on an agile board

Connection of Changesets to PBIs

Documentation

Release Planning

Tags to distinguis between Game and Editor

Bugs

Template Scrum

Epics, Feature, PBIs

Create Sprints: Hobby Project. Therefore no fixed Sprint length. I use them without dates to plan my next updates

Connect to GitHub

Check In

How to connect XCode to GitHub here

Warned: This is for a hobby project with a single user. You should think about a real scrum approach and fixed sprint length and scrum meetings

Outlook:

Pipelines for Builds and Tests
